I'm going to give you a dish that if you
have a lot of people coming around it's
very easy to prepare and you can
actually do everything in one dish then
put in the middle of the table and
everybody can tackle it this is the
simplest one you can have if you have a
lot of people and it's lasagna I'll
paste over there now the first thing
we're gonna have to do is to prepare the
meat sauce okay now in here
carrots onion and celery okay shop
riveting finally a little bit of olive
oil and it goes into a frying pan am
using means beef once the means goes
into the pan completely color the meat
all over at this point we're gonna add a
little bit of salt and then red wine now
we're gonna pull passata passata
is nothing more than sieved tomatoes you
can buy them in bottles in the
supermarket in the deadliest you can buy
passata
everywhere and with the Posada we're
gonna put a little bit of tomato puree
lower the heat and let it simmer for a
good half an hour to 40 minutes and this
is exactly what is it gonna look like
beautiful red rich color and now is the
time that we check for seasoning
bechamel sauce is very easy really what
you do is butter flour MA
simple as that so you melt the butter
and the flour together once it gets like
a gluey kind of a paste it gets nice and
brown you add the milk slowly slowly mix
it together until you get the beautiful
consistency of bechamel sauce just
before it's ready for the lasagna I got
a nutmeg then I've got a little bit of
Parmesan cheese
now based on I go simply a little bit of
basil pine kernels put them into a blitz
blitz everything up with extra virgin
olive oil and this is exactly what you
going again you want to season with a
little bit of salt and then you just
want to fold in the Parmesan cheese meat
sauce ready measurements was ready the
pastry is ready get yourself a nice tray
make sure that is at least six or seven
centimeter tall so we start to be the
quarter of the patients on the bottom
then we got the lasagna sheets you can
get them in the supermarkets or you can
get them in dailies very very simple
they fresh come in a nice packet just
lightly sheets on top of the bechamel I
believe fold for the bottom we're going
to put half of the meat sauce and spread
the meat sauce on top of the lasagna and
once you done that pour half of the
remaining bechamel sauce on top spread
all the rounds now right in the middle
is when we're gonna start to put the
Facebook spread all around fantastic
color you getting and of course more
lasagna sheets the remaining of the meat
sauce goes again spreading all around
and now
the end is the time that you place the
final sheet on top
the remaining béchamel and then of
course the final place so so at this
point I got a few numbers of button that
they gonna just scatter them on top and
this is gonna help to create a a nice
golden crust on top of the lasagna then
the remaining Parmesan cheese straight
on top now preheat the oven 180 degrees
the way you want to do it get yourself
some foil okay the first half an hour he
goes in with the foil and then the last
15 minutes without the pony lady rest
for a good 10 minutes before you
actually slice them portion it because
at this point was what happened all the
pasta the meat the bechamel sticks
together so then when you portion it it
makes your life ten times easy and this
straight
look at that
this is way my mama used to make
you